
The Project Description should outline the general plan of work,
including the broad design of activities to be undertaken, and,
where appropriate, provide a clear description of experimental
methods and procedures and plans for preservation, documentation,
and sharing of data, sample s, physical collections, curriculum
materials and other related research and education products. It
must describe as an integral part of the narrative, the broader
impacts resulting from the proposed activities, addressing one or
more of the following as appropriate for the project: how the
project will integrate research and education by advancing
discovery and understanding while at the same time promoting
teaching, training, and learning; ways in which the proposed ac
tivity will broaden the participation of underrepresented groups
(e.g., gender, ethnicity, disability, geographic, etc.); how the
project will enhance the infrastructure for research and/or
education, such as facilities, instrumentation, networks, and
partnerships; how the results of the project will be disseminated
broadly to enhance scientific and technological understanding;
and potential benefits of the proposed activity to society at
large. Examples illustrating activities likely to demonstrate
broader impacts are available electronically on the NSF website.

